Added Scoring component (#13814)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: akeneo-design-system/src/components/Scoring/Scoring.stories.mdx

import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {Scoring} from './Scoring.tsx';

<Meta
  title="Components/Scoring"
  component={Scoring}
  argTypes={{
    activeScore: {control: {type: 'select', options: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']}},
  }}
/>

# Scoring

## Usage

> Scoring are introduced as new components inside Akeneo to highlight to the users the level of quality of their product data. This components is specifically link to this usage. A stands for the best score and E for the worst score. This components is based on the US notation system. The colors are used to support the understanding of the score you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scoring are introduced as new components inside Akeneo to highlight to the users the level of quality of their product data. This component is specifically linked to this usage. A stands for the best score and E for the worst score. This components i based on the US notation system. The colors are used to support the understanding of the score you have.
```
